{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 Home - \
Welcome to Pulsatio Solutions. We at Pulsatio provide a plethora of multimedia and graphic design concepts that become the heartbeat of your companies online presence.\
\
We are in the business to take what is not working and change it back to what it needs to be, all in showing superior graphic design concepts, extraordinary web development and precision level programming. \
\
About - \
Our mission at Pulsatio is to deliver a brand back to life.  We can use our specific team of trained professionals to accomplish the desires of your heart, to something tangible on the website for your company, your app, and even your logo.\
\
The team at Pulsatio consist of high-quality experts, who have been hand selected to accomplish goals for the clientele. With over 20 Years of experience throughout our personnel, the solutions we offer, are without 	question hand-curated with care and tedious thought.\
\
Contact - \
Pulsatio has five team members. Each specialist is a well-rounded expert in their personal field, with skillsets that will deliver on our end of the deal. 		\
Management - \
The PM, or Project Manager is Cole R. His diverse skillset has lead him to oversee all the areas of solution based work from our office. With a background in coding and design, he fits the part. (EMAIL)\
		\
Graphics - \
The Graphic Design Team, where inspiration breathes from two genuinely developed artists, Ben Z. and Jeff L. The men individually, have over 10 years of graphic design by the pen and the keyboard. As these two minds merge, continual artistic miracles happen. (EMAILS)\
\
Web Dev. - \
The Web Development Team consist of one tactician, Nate P. He\'92s built websites that stand out against the competition. Responsive, fluid and intuitive make Nate\'92s work shine like diamonds. There is no doubt, Nate is the brains behind the page.(EMAIL)\
\
}